[Frontend] Add -scalarize and -O0. (#217)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

* Eliminate redundant unflattening and flattening of PyTrees parameters in Catalyst control flow operations.
  [#215](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/215)

> * Reduce execution and compilation times by using `-scalarize` and `-O0`.
>   [#217](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/217)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reduce the execution and compile times of user programs by generating more efficient code and
  avoiding unnecessary optimizations. Specifically, a scalarization procedure was added to the MLIR
  pass pipeline and LLVM IR compilation is now invoked with optimization level 0.
  [#217](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/217)
```
